Yoga is what is going on it's not Nexus
bring you guys some more 6th gen
metagame competitive just jazz on
showdown and today I am joined with none
other then walked off water destroy your
tee hee and we got some mad ass fucking
weird stuff um quilladin quilladin face
really caught my mind yeah we're gonna
win I'm gonna I'm gonna do a build a
rock you led off with this nigga what
can he do to me oh fuck I just want to
go Bucky all right fucking sake I did a
lot of damage you're gonna do shit to
tell you that it's a fucking mind do you
want to die do you want to die right now
new oh wow you die too oh wow I picked
the wrong you're wrong but we'll just
rent those my nigga ok the dragon egos
and cuddle with both shut up not showing
up for me my frag laid real weird yeah
the drag Gulch I don't know cuz they
don't show a lot of Pokemon cuz it's
fucking beta testing but like fuck my
naked what thinking I know what's a
fucking 20 way I'm not confused I'm not
worried I'm not worried huhuu I'm not
worried look how I took that damn normal
bag oh dude I took it so well like Oh
only forty-two percent you see how this
thing is a pseudo legendary now man this
thing is fucking powerful hey it's a
word from Dragon Tales all right uh
weaver and you're gonna get fucked up on
my goodra enough to tell you this right
now there's a lot of dragon types of his
teeth I'll cover the major focus of this
whole point you have you ever won fairy
type of Santa know you oh yeah sure did
you force my palm man you're dead nigga
you're dead nigga die nigga haha look at
the damage what walked over i'm choi
specs men i boosted my special attack
like nature damn oh no oh well the ball
his faces of all weird kpop nigga I'd
actually heard you decide to Demi the
great haha get pop nigga fuck yo this
power this I you cannot punt dedenne no
more yeah don't touch don't touch that
death dinnae Oh toe sissa hey what oh
actually a fun fact about the avelard
animation for this he has he's facing me
yeah they deal with a lot of Pokemon cuz
victor beta testing so yeah I the oven I
just thought though they've been fixed
it oh how much damage that did though
what the fuck are you got a crit but you
kill me next round if you out speed
that's funny a giant I ask you about
speeding a lion haha wait what he gets
dirty know what hidden powered what
hidden power did you go for what for
steel but god damn I thought about how
about this I let you kill me and there
you probably should go for avalanche you
probably should go for Evelyn's cuz that
frustration didn't even do one press and
he didn't even do one person i like the
awkward long odds we just really good
because it just happened this doesn't
yeah he does not want it man he's gotta
want it yeah he doesn't I'm not one of
man he mean we got school spirit what
about you well see if I get out running
today probably i'll i want to see if you
can did em it's fast as hell man i know
i'ma just a fucking ok and that's all
right well I pretty much lost all your
Lucky Dragon dude I'm not even like
switching out yeah give you out speed me
that's great Oh God wow wow wow what did
haha you look fucking now today so you
count my dad na nigga oh I was trying to
win this game with dedenne if that a
blow for me I'm the camera boob the
terminology we pretty much have the same
standard benefit now migrant just played
backwards man like the tongue is planted
at you and he's a qn at work what you
gonna do minnows godless is a dude in a
actually you could probably win with
just a dedenne if you late I like to
stop by play holy fuck holy fuck you
actually could win if he could take an
ice beam you could win oh god oh god oh
buddy damage his face dude his face what
the fuck
they it's been fun knowing you did na i
punted that did na dou I bet you Big
Papi across the bay okay alright okay
alright see you wanna do another one are
we gonna call it a day oh I'll go read
them by the Bible do another day being
slick slick but um will do the red one
off-screen cuz I was supposed to be some
gen-6 shenanigans so I can break it over
to my swag yeah we're probably gonna
make another one because I want to make
another two around to Denny but um yeah
it's so good but fuck up if you guys
enjoyed beat the crap out of the like
button and leave your feedback and uh
yeah peace out